1.Python: 

Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language.Its design philosophy emphasizes code 
readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in 
languages such as C.The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.

2.Ruby:

Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and developed in 
the mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.According to its authors, Ruby was influenced by Perl, Smalltalk, 
Eiffel, Ada, and Lisp.It supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, object-oriented, and imperative. 
It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management.



3.Java:

Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed 
to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run 
anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. 
Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) 
regardless of computer architecture. Java is, as of 2014, one of the most popular programming languages in use, 
particularly for client-server web applications, with a reported 9 million developers.Java was originally developed
by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems (which has since merged into Oracle Corporation) and released in 1995 as a core 
component of Sun Microsystems' Java platform. The language derives much of its syntax from C and C++, but it has fewer 
low-level facilities than either of them.



4.PHP:

PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming 
language. PHP is now installed on more than 244 million websites and 2.1 million web servers.Originally created by 
Rasmus Lerdorf in 1995, the reference implementation of PHP is now produced by The PHP Group.While PHP originally stood
for Personal Home Page,it now stands for PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor, a recursive backronym.


5.JavaScript:

JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language.It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, 
whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously,
and alter the document content that is displayed.It is also being used in server-side programming, game development and 
the creation of desktop and mobile applications.

